Simulating Cosmological Evolution with Enzo: 
	implicit coupling radiation hydrodynamics -> numerical stability and high-order time discretization. Since
	this  coupling results in an nonlinear system of partial differential equations that must be solved at each 
	time step -> use Inexact Newton Methods (but for diffusion equation!).

Enzo+Moray: Radiation Hydrodynamics Adaptive MeshRefinement Simulations with Adaptive Ray Tracing:
	HII region from Stromgren. Regular Methods: moments methods (like P1 -> diffusive) or ray tracing. When 
	using ray tracing, use operator split. Need smaller time step for radiative transfer than for hydrodynamics.
	Different methods to choose the time step. Look for the tests in that paper.
	
International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications: link between Jacobian and Schur complement. Look
 	nonlinear Schwarz. Multirate methods are methods that use the same scheme in each partition but with different
 	time step. An IMEX method is partitioned method that uses an implicit integrator on one partition and an explicit
 	integrator on the other. Therefore, an optimal trade-off between efficiency and stability becomes possible.
 	Moreover, it iss generally desirable to use an explicit integrator when nonlinear or non-differentiable spatial
 	discretizations are used, such as shock resolving schemes. The efficiency advantage of IMEX schemes increases 
 	with temporal discretizations order. Given a timestep selected for accuracy, in terms where the timestep is below 
 	the timestep is below the stability limei, explicit integration is employed for efficiency, and in terms where 
 	the stability is limiting, implicit integration is employed. IMEX used in RHD!!! see doc. Use different time step 
 	depending on the refinement. Advantage of fully implicit: high-order. Otherwise stuck at first/second order.
 	
Properties of the implicitly time-differenced equations of thermal radiation transport: need to use almost fully implicit
	(only opacity can be computed explicitly) to obtain physical results.
	
Nonlinear Evolution of Rayleigh-Taylor Instability in a Radiation-Supported Atmosphere: to study Rayleigh-Taylor 
	instability, need to have gravity.
	
Issues  wit high-resolution Godunov methods for radiation hydrodynamics: Attention one term (F dot nabla v) that is 
	small in streaming and diffusion is not in intermediate -> too much simplification in Mihalas and Mihalas. For 
	small v/c and when the length scale of interest is much larger than photon mean-free-path, the RHD equations 
	can be accurately modeled by the equilibrium diffusion limit.
	
Cosmological Radiative Transfer Comparison Project II: The Radiation-Hydrodynamic Tests: look for tests.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Los Alamos Supernova Light-Curve Project: Computational Methods: supernovae needs SN. Models with full HD are 
	required where radiation plays an important role in the hydrodynamics, such as where shock heating is important
	in deterimining the temperature profile. Non-LTE effects become more significant at late times in supernovae. 
	Opacities http://aphysics2.lanl.gov/opacity/lanl/
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Look at stellar interiors and radiation-dominated shocks (Krumholz et al. 2007)
